hey everybody thanks for tuning in to
the video it's troy here it's a two
thirty in the morning eastern standard
time 5 13 of 13 and the walmart website
says that there's some tula 223 ammo
coming in stopped my local store and
also said the remington 556 of is also
coming into as well so i'm going to head
to the store in the morning and see if I
can pick up on some of that because
that's so one thing that I still want to
pick up on something I did notice too it
says the website will be closing
temperley for maintenance at
approximately eleven fifty-nine p.m.
pacific standard time on May twelfth of
2013 it says attention walmart.com
customers hopefully it is maintenance
and it's just not them trying to hide
this again on us like they've done in
the past we're ruin it for us so I'll
try to get information back to that as
soon as I can find out also I'll add to
this video as far as what ammo if I do
find some
at the store also real quick I've wanted
to show you guys as I mentioned the
Winchester 5.56 was coming into walmart
to as well as you see it says in stock
so I've got a choice between the
Winchester and occur Tula I've got more
than enough to love and trying to get
more brass instead of the steel case so
I'm most likely gonna get the Winchester
already everybody i am back from walmart
and as i mentioned previously in the
video i was looking to get some more 2
to 3 or 5 56 and i mentioned that the
two of 2 to 3 20 round boxes were coming
in and they did come in also coming in
what mainly i was looking for let me get
that pulled up was the was the
Winchester 556 20 round boxes and those
came in to as well now before I show you
what I purchased as some of you know and
some of you might not know that when you
look more martes website they don't list
all the ammo that actually comes into
the store I don't know why that is but
you know in one case that happened to me
before I went down a couple of months
ago to buy that said that there was some
223 coming in i forget what brand and so
I went down and it just happened to be a
day that just one box of ammo came in
and there was just me and one another
guy and of course he was there for the
22 23 as well well when they brought it
out the box it wasn't 223 there was a
computer problem or whatever and they
sent something different or something
happened but it wasn't a 223 so they can
I left but when the guy open up the box
it was actually the Remington those big
yellow packs the 250 around mega packs
of nine millimeter which I've never been
able
my hands on those ever so I was glad to
pick up to box of those at 60 some
dollars apiece so of course the point is
is they don't list a lot of the ammo or
some of the ammo that's on the website
and when you go to check to see if
something's coming in if something's
coming in and you're going down to get
something something else very well might
be coming in that you don't know it's
coming in or if you see that ammo is
coming in and it's something that you
don't want you might want to go down
there anyway because there might be
something coming in that's not not
listed there on the site so anyway let
me show you what I got I did get some
223 but it's something I haven't ever
been able to get before and this is a
the Winchester to 233 223 this is the 45
grain but these are the the 40 round
value packs and these are jacketed
hollow points and I have never purchased
Winchester in two to three before and if
you can believe it I have never had a
hollow points in the in a 223 and so I
was more than happy to pick them up and
then was even more happier when I opened
them up to see how how nice they are I
mean just such a very high quality high
polished brass and then of course then
with the if you can pick that up on the
camera the the hollow points so I was
very impressed on on how well they were
made and here's the receipt here and
there's the there's the date and the
time I paid thirty dollars and
sixty-seven cents apiece for those and
of course like I said those are the 40
round boxes so if you break that down by
if they were 20 rounds that would make
it fifteen dollars and thirty odd set up
30 odd some cents per 20 rounds which is
not bad because the Winchester 556 20
round boxes were going 4-12 something so
I was a you know more than happy to pick
these up
I'll put these in in magazines and that
would be for my main you know for home
protection and SHTF if it ever comes to
that so that's the video of my mo run
for today at Walmart I really appreciate
everybody support please leave in your
comments if you have if you've purchased
any of this ammo if you had it before
and used it if you liked it or not how
well it did in your in your rifles also
don't forget to like the video and give
us a thumbs up if you do like the video
that we're putting out don't forget to
subscribe to the channel if you haven't
done so also please I know a lot of you
been doing it but uh if you want to
please a you know support the channel
and let your friends and family and
coworkers know about the channel also if
you you know just started with me or
been with me while only watched you know
some of the newer videos you can watch
some of the older ones there's you know
some quite popular ones out there and
once again I said I thank everybody for
their continued support like I said
please subscribe if you haven't and
thanks for watching and we'll see you
next time